What warning signs should you not try to solve Forward? Okay. This date
age right now are the best team leader. You're the best person in
charge to be aware off team members of the team members. So when I was
a captain, uh, they were postgraduate school. A lot of suicides at
that point. Maybe wide. It's all the way to be aware off your team.
Really? Doing a sudden, you know, they're acting strange. One of further
up the chain of command. If you have a question about anyone's
mental health, there they are. Okay. Divorces. Sadly, they happen.
Okay, but a divorce, all of a sudden, that effects effects person's
mental health. That's the same way. So Mom or Dad? Sister brother alone.
A sudden mental health aspect to that. Well, what? The exit department
had the Excelsior 40 change. No way to get a chaplain over
asking questions. You do not wanna land on two person team member. You
land on them. They're not gonna feel secure. It's gonna be even worse,
you know? So hey, Jones Jones. I'm a cup of coffee with chappelle.
Don't talk. So it's a law office made coffee. Coffee is probably
a better way to do it and you'll get personally, I've only had I've
had one suicide, my ships, my four ships and I've had three deaths.
Wait. Watch a little person. Um, take care of my cells. Have to be
aware off people.